hi everyone welcome to Victoria Pike
ended copy today i'm going to make with
you this cabbage salad this is something
between of sauerkraut and asian cabbage
salad very easy nice addition to any
meal so stay tuned to watch how to
Magnus take your medium to large size
white cabbage slice it to four as you
see take the core out and then slice it
thinly as soon as you can you can do it
in food processor take cup of a baby
carrot or 2 large carrots and chop them
finely let's make marinade take two
tablespoons of coconut sugar or dark
muscovado sugar or white sugar 1
tablespoon of salt please use salt
without any additives please use quarter
cup to third cup of vinegar i'm using
the apple cider vinegar you can use the
rice vinegar add toasted sesame oil and
this is the asian part very flavorful
i'm eating a carrot to my cabbage and
all the marinade goes in as well mix all
together and in this point it's very
very important to try i found that the
need for a little bit more acidity so
i'll edit my acid or whatever solved you
need fix it now this is very important
another two things that i've added it's
a white pepper or black pepper it
doesn't really matter and cayenne pepper
you can add chili flakes chili pepper is
very good in here as well and as much as
you like and there is the kick that you
would love to eat later now take plate
put on top of the cabbage take wooden
spoon and stick it inside this is for
the air to come out and something heavy
anto it's one part jar with water leave
it outside for about six to eight hours
and then pop the refrigerator and we'll
be good amazing for about two weeks the
sauerkraut / asianscientist over to the
reach dishes like this one this is
shoulder blade steak with all the pasta
in the wine sauce I afforded it
yesterday so click here and as usual
don't forget to subscribe right make
comment thumbs up me share my videos
with all your friends and family Cheers
Victoria see you next time love you all